I just love the chat reaction hey so the
chat reaction okay so anyways this game
is called cat show and you all come to
the cat talent competition you're
interested in signing up the grand
prizes of 10,000 cat dollars sign me up
no thanks yeah and so basically if you
fucking answer if you answer anything
but a cat noise and fuck this it's
pretty obvious that you weren't actually
a cat
the charges are public nudity and
reckless cat and personation yeah
[Music]
so you basically have to fuckin just
answer me out of everything first of all
free to counter you oh fuck I missed a
hit - fuck alright yeah yeah how old are
you SC 18 Kent years to compete meow
perfect have you ever been a dog yeah
so you basically after these three
stupid-ass competitions you have to do
aw you have to basically do this motion
[Music]
so I don't know if you're really a human
or not I don't really understand now and
then you respond now wow you speak cat
very well hi that was a test that you
passed believe eternal I'm really not a
cat I'm an undercover cop I've heard
rumors of disguise human endured win the
prize money but you would know anything
about that could you know
how's another test you passes one is
well I've got my eye on you motherfucker
you gonna land even for you get a spin
around got a mother for the land and
your feet can't do that you oh I did a
perfect okay that's great listen buddy
I'm on do you may have fooled the judge
brah I'm not some dumb just admit you're
not really cat or you I'm gonna say now
just a minute not really care yeah I'm
gonna say Mike this minute you not
really kind of the same yeah I guess the
min you not really countin the same now
you zoom in you not really care I'm
gonna say yeah you're chicken aren't you
not even fake conversation live through
your pro loop could be pretty fine get
out you're better watch your back amount
of fucker
[Music]
and so you have to swat this thing bitch
all right perfect
congratulations you won the first place
took them to catch mice and kids don't
make good
[Music]